upstream: describe the upstream/downstream relationship to OpenHarmony (#18)
eclipse-oniro4openharmony/eclipse-oniro4openharmony.github.io: upstream.md

```

For new add-ons a new repository would need to be created. Once the add-on is
pushed it can be referenced from the forked manifest and included into the CI
build.

We also encourage every developer to directly upstream fixes and enhancements
into into the Gitee repositories from OpenHarmony, if possible. These changes
will come back to Eclipse Oniro with the next release, or earlier, if backported
in the current release branches on Gitee.

## Upstreaming into OpenHarmony

For Eclipse Oniro as a downstream OpenHarmony distribution the focus is on
ensuring well integrated and tested features from and for partners. The
downstream fork will hold all changes and will be tested by developers and CI for
releases.

This fork is no long-term home for most of the changes, though.
Any change that is also applicable to OpenHarmony upstream we need to propose a
pull request against the master branch in Gitee. By doing so we get crucial
feedback from OpenHarmony developers. This will help in the design and
implementation of changes to fit well into the existing code base. And secondly,

> any change that can be upstreamed will come back to Eclipse Oniro with the next
> release sync and reduce the maintenance burden to carry patches downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any changes viable for upstream inclusion will return to Eclipse Oniro with the next
release synchronization, reducing the maintenance burden to carry patches downstream.
```

> In case a fix was upstreamed we should also work on backporting it into the
> current release to allow us getting it back into our flow in the current cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should a fix be integrated upstream, efforts should be directed towards backporting 
it into the current release. This ensures its inclusion in our ongoing cycle.
```
